feat: add support for global Dockerfiles, fixes #8406 (#8405) [skip ci] (#8405)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/extend/customizing-images.md

Multi-stage builds are useful to anyone who has struggled to optimize Dockerfiles while keeping them easy to read and maintain.

### Global Dockerfiles

> All of the above variants are also supported in `~/.ddev/web-build/` and `~/.ddev/db-build/`. Files placed there apply to every project on the machine and are useful for machine-specific customizations like corporate proxy certificates, private package registries, or developer tools you always want available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DDEV support global build files for the web container and database container. Files placed in `~/.ddev/web-build/` and `~/.ddev/db-build/` will be applied to all  DDEV web containers and database containers respectively. Files placed there apply to every project on the machine and are useful for machine-specific customizations like corporate proxy certificates, private package registries, or developer tools you always want available.
```

Reviewer 2: I always hate to insist on `~/.ddev` when some folks, especially linux, are using XDG_CONFIG_HOME, but we can't hand-hold everywhere. 

```suggestion
DDEV supports global web-build files for the web container and database container. Files placed in `~/.ddev/web-build/` and `~/.ddev/db-build/` will be applied to all DDEV web containers and database containers respectively. Files placed there apply to every project on the workstation and are useful for machine-specific customizations like corporate proxy certificates, private package registries, or developer tools you always want available.
```
